Week 1
Group formed and named. Selected Scrum Master. Created the Jira 
Site. Decided on the topic with other group members. Done some 
brainstorming on what the novel functions will be. I also found 
and discussed with the team all available software tools and 
libraries that we can use for the project.

Week 2
we chose the suitable project and had a meeting to discuss the setup of our project. I also
started to finish some part of our proposal.

Week 3
This week we had some meeting and work hard on our proposal. I was responsable for the background and discribing overall functionality 
of our system in proposal. I also finished the software architecture part.

week 4
we started to work with the sprint 1. I finished the backend setup using flask and an overall web page using react.In the end of this week,
I completed some basic functions of our system. For example, user register,login.

week 5
we successfully completed the sprint 1. I fixed some database problems. I wrote some backend functions which can make it easier for frontend
to retrive the data.

Week 6
In week 6, we have a rest for few days and the held some meetings to discuss the user stories in sprint 2. we finished to allocate the task to everyone.
I started to write some frontend pages to make the web page look beautiful.

Week 7
I finished all web pages using react and fix the UI desigin to reduce incongruous lines on web pages. I debug some backend code to make the data
such as user profile information, project detail and group information successfully send to the frontend. I also started to work with the project application
part.

Week 8
I finished some part of the project application part but there is still some bug in our system. I also updated some part of student group functionality and make the 
web page look cleaner.

Week 9
This week, we held multiple meeting to discuss final outcome of our project and start to prepare for our final demo demonstration and final report. I wrote some functionality
discription in our final report.For backend , I fixed some bug and wrote more function to make the frontend and backend interact better.


week10 
I finish my part of our system and our project is basically done. I finshed my part of our report and prepared well for our finally demo. 


