Week1
Group formed and named. Selected Scrum Master. Created the Jira Site. 
Decided on the topic with other group members. Done some brainstorming on what the novel functions will be.
I conceived the User Story and was mainly responsible for the academic supervision part of the project.

Week2
This week, I focused on different user stories in the proposal, and I was mainly responsible for the academic supervision part.

Week3
This week, my team members and I improved the proposal. 
I was mainly responsible for the initial sample of the project (user flow) and introduced the functions in detail.

Week4
At the beginning of this week, we arranged the tasks of each sprint1 through meetings. 
I was mainly responsible for the profile and forgetpsaaword content of the project

Week5
This week I successfully completed the part I was responsible for and beautified and improved the front page. 
I also discussed the specific improvement with my classmates through group meetings.

Week6
This week, we allocated the tasks of sprint2 and summarized the improvement areas of sprint1 through the meeting (tutor's feedback).
I was mainly responsible for searching part of the student group section on the front end.

Week7
This week, our team held a meeting to discuss where the current content needs to be improved and what needs attention. 
I mainly worked with Chenkai Shen on the front and back end of the search and team.

Week8
This week, I improved the tasks of the front end and integrated and improved the contents of other team members through group meetings.

Week9
This week, I allocated the tasks of sprint3 and improved the remaining problems of sprint2 through a team meeting. 
I am mainly responsible for the recommendation system, save folders, ProjectDelivery and Feedback.
I finished saving bolder and recommand sysytem this week.

Week10
This week, I completed Project Delivery and feedback in sprint3. And merge with team members and check for bugs in the code through team meetings.
The tasks in the group report were assigned through the group meeting this week. I was mainly responsible for the screenshot of the front-end page, the function introduction of Project Delivery and Feedback, and part of the content of the Third Party Services.
